welcome to delivery consoles and I've
got a major spoiler update okay so this
is breaking news CM Punk threatens Vince
McMahon to quit the 30 w/e wishes the
blade his headline right now so
basically CM Punk but poorly had to had
a major blowout with the Chairman
overboard Vince McMahon backstays I got
so heated up that CM Punk threatened to
quit the company according to some other
website which is school wrestling and
news com according to the site sauce
with delivery CM Punk was really upset
about how the match how the company's
you were supposed to lie to him about
his match at WrestleMania against the
Undertaker is he elegantly was fine with
the with losing the match to untag
extending the WrestleMania streak to 20
21 I know but although CM Punk did not
quite understand the logic behind it and
the company i delicately told him up
until WrestleMania self that the
creative plans were not set install and
pretty much well he found out that the
company had planned the Undertaker to
win the match all along and he was so
angry and forth that mr. McMahon triple
a bit betrayed him and lie to him and
the CM Punk reportedly stated that the
way we could swallow the rest of his
contract and that he was done with them
and that pretty much threatened Vince
McMahon and McMahon of course to decide
to address this issue in sat down with
CM Punk to discuss the matter and punk
repeatedly asked me Vince McMahon why
the wrestler had to threaten to quit
just to get the boss attention to get
the bosses attention and eventually blew
up and completely completely and then CM
Punk went on a toilet about wrestlers
including Daniel Bryan Antonio Cesaro
and for Kobe King still working so hard
for the company while degree was more
concerned with bringing in flashy names
writing egos
storylines and then another point of
contention arose when CM Punk asked for
the time of to heal from his injuries
sustained up to and during his versa min
29 and mcmahon tried to convince him to
stick it out but the two sides agreed on
some time off and then CM Punk mcmahon
Paul Heyman and the early writers
reportedly held a conference call
several weeks ago to discuss the
possible upcoming story lines for the
former delivery champion so basically
they were trying to do some kind of a
negotiation about what will happen and
what they're planning on for CM Punk in
the upcoming storylines and weeks and a
month of this year and basically the
group they they did this discuss
numerous amount of ideas and movies were
contingent of CM Punk's health and
McMahon's willingness to see them
develop so that's about it so basically
you've really did threaten to quit the
delivery and I thought I think he will
quit it but um something's definitely
gonna happen in something which will
push CM Punk up because if he leaves
that there'll be a major loss for w/e
and we just will be about one man in his
name is John Cena and there won't be
enough big superstars you know not
enough big superstars and it will turn
out to be boring even more boring than
it is right now because CM Punk is not
in it and it's not very interesting
anymore and to be honest it never really
was interesting until 2011 when CM Punk
actually blew something up and that was
a pipe bomb so we love to see that to
happen and to relive that moment in this
year's 2013 and of course next year's as
well and we love to see that happen I
want your force I want your comments
below what you think about this spread
it around I mean spread it to your
friends your family all the all the rest
of the w/e universe spread it around
guys this is a huge update so um is it
good news or bad news please leave your
comments below see you guys next time
for more updates subscribe like comment
peace